# ClangFormat for Xcode

## What is it?

This plugin is intended to do better job than other plugins, since it does all
formatting replacements directly in source code buffer, rather than using
temporary files or whatsoever, so it is quick and it allows undo.

## Installation

1. Open the project and build the plug-in.

2. After a successful build the plug-in should automatically be installed; to
install it manually move the product (`AMSXcodeClangFormat.xcplugin`) to
`~/Library/Application Support/Developer/Shared/Xcode/Plug-ins` (create the
directory if necessary).

3. Restart Xcode.

## Settings

All settings of this plugin are accessible via `defaults`. Restart should be
not required normally when changing these defaults.

Values shown here are the default built-in values.

* `defaults write -app Xcode AMSClangFormatPath ""` (empty to disable)
* `defaults write -app Xcode AMSClangFormatStyle "file"`

## License

This software is provided under *MIT* license:

> Copyright (c) 2014 Adam Strzelecki
>
> Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
> of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
> in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
> to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
> copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
> furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>
> The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
> all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
> IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
> FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
> AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
> LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
> OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
> SOFTWARE.
